README.md, before:

# boltz-dart

The top level directory of this project is a dart/flutter pub library.

The `rust` folder containers the core code which uses the `boltz-rust` crate internally to expose an abstracted API to manage boltz swaps.


## Update process

Add new types to `types.rs` and static functions to `api.rs`

api.rs contains an `Api` struct that holds all the static functions.

types.rs structures and enums are also re-exported via api.rs

```bash
# in the project root directory

./compile.sh

```

Compile will first build native binaries of the rust code and move them to the dart test folder. 

It will then run flutter_rust_bridge_codegen and generate ffi code in rust and dart. 

## dart classes

Once we have all our structs and functions in dart, we can organize them into classes to improve the UX of the library.

## test

You can now use the `test/boltz-test.dart` file to test whether the expected logic is being exposed correctly over ffi. 


## project status

This project is in extreme alpha and undergoing active development. Any support will be greatly appreciated.

Each swap flow is abstracted into a class with similar methods:

Constructors: 

- newSubmarine
- newReverse

Info: 
- paymentDetails
- status

Transaction(Sweep):
- claim
- refund


The main classes are:

- [ ] BtcLnSwap
- [ ] LbtcLnSwap
- [ ] BtcLbtcSwap


### Resources:

- [FRB-Docs](https://cjycode.com/flutter_rust_bridge/v1/index.html)
- [FRB-Codebase](https://github.com/fzyzcjy/flutter_rust_bridge/)
- [Article](https://blog.logrocket.com/using-flutter-rust-bridge-cross-platform-development/)

Commit message:

Added docs for boltz nodes

README.md, after:

# boltz-dart

The top level directory of this project is a dart/flutter pub library.

The `rust` folder containers the core code which uses the `boltz-rust` crate internally to expose an abstracted API to manage boltz swaps.


## Update process

Add new types to `types.rs` and static functions to `api.rs`

api.rs contains an `Api` struct that holds all the static functions.

types.rs structures and enums are also re-exported via api.rs

```bash
# in the project root directory

./compile.sh

```

Compile will first build native binaries of the rust code and move them to the dart test folder. 

It will then run flutter_rust_bridge_codegen and generate ffi code in rust and dart. 

## dart classes

Once we have all our structs and functions in dart, we can organize them into classes to improve the UX of the library.

## test

You can now use the `test/boltz-test.dart` file to test whether the expected logic is being exposed correctly over ffi. 

## NOTE
Submarine swap test requires using a new invoice for every test. You can generate test invoices here:

https://starblocks.acinq.co

Order half a ton of coffee, since minimum swap output is 50,000 sats

These invoices will work for ruidentary tests, but the entire swap flow will not complete as boltz does not have a route to pay this channel since we last checked.

When we reach testing the complete flow we will have to use our own local node and ensure we are directly connected to boltz's testnet node.

For Invoices < 1m sats: (recommended for testing)

https://1ml.com/testnet/node/029040945df331e634fba152ce6a21e3dfca87b68d275e078caeee4753f43e9acb

Invoices > 1m sats: 

https://1ml.com/testnet/node/03f060953bef5b777dc77e44afa3859d022fc1a77c55138deb232ad7255e869c00

## project status

This project is in extreme alpha and undergoing active development. Any support will be greatly appreciated.

Each swap flow is abstracted into a class with similar methods:

Constructors: 

- newSubmarine
- newReverse

Info: 
- paymentDetails
- status

Transaction(Sweep):
- claim
- refund


The main classes are:

- [ ] BtcLnSwap
- [ ] LbtcLnSwap
- [ ] BtcLbtcSwap


### Resources:

- [FRB-Docs](https://cjycode.com/flutter_rust_bridge/v1/index.html)
- [FRB-Codebase](https://github.com/fzyzcjy/flutter_rust_bridge/)
- [Article](https://blog.logrocket.com/using-flutter-rust-bridge-cross-platform-development/)
